You poor bastard
If you don't have the money to increase the price, leave this venue quickly
This thousand-year-old ginseng is in my bag
If it weren't for the Supreme Wushuang performing martial arts here today
You are already a dead fish
Dare to make trouble
The more damaged hehehe
You are a very humble leg.
Dare to call Ye Wanhu by his name
Just call my dad by his first name
Hey, I see you're really a dung beetle home
Death is imminent
Bo Zai, this is the result of the investigation.
How is this possible?
How could he save the night guard?
Even my dad is in charge
Can't call him
Wang Bin
Dozens of people have died in your coal mine over the years
But no one got compensation.
Every penny of your money is stained with blood